#New Kitty Every 30 seconds.

Can get the first kitten, but unable to have it change every 30 seconds.

#Challenge was:
We have been contracted by a medical ward of the Idaho State Penitentiary. They have a severely mentally disturbed individual that goes into bouts of uncontrollable fits of rage and will do severe harm to others as well as herself. They could live with that but once she has started to do damage to her cell and other state property, well now they have to do something.  They have found that the only thing that calms her, are cats. When she sees a cat she can’t help but smile and stare. Unfortunately the feeling only lasts, oddly enough, exactly 30 seconds. However if they change the image to a new cat it starts the entire process over again. They can’t leave any equipment in the cell but they can setup a monitor just out of reach that will show the image.  They have also bought a subscription to a cat service that will provide them with cat images. This is the state, so obviously the contract is not a good one, they are charging $1,458.32 per image delivered. They have asked us to develop an application that will show these images, they want to show a new image at exactly 30 seconds so they do not spend more money than they have to and they do not want any interaction other than starting the program. Our contract states that every time we serve an image at a time other than exactly 30 seconds that we have to pay for that image. We are only getting $300 to make this app, so we can’t let that happen.
